hi welcome to Ready Steady eat and this
is your gourmet guru Saloni and today
i'm going to show you one of my favorite
chicken curries which is a spicy chicken
curry I never get tired of making it and
my family really enjoys eating it let me
take you over to my kitchen and show you
what you'll need for it so we start by
marinating the chicken and to the
chicken I am going to add the lime juice
red chilli powder turmeric powder garlic
paste ginger paste and salt to taste
give it a good mix and we're going to
marinate this for about 20 to 30 minutes
take a pan I'm going to heat some oil in
it now that the oil is hot I am adding
the coriander seeds to this so this I'm
going to add the rest of the spices and
the ginger and the garlic
adding to a blending bowls
so now added some water to get all the
paste out from the mixer now we are
going to start with our chicken gravy so
in a pan I'm going to heat some oil to
this I am going to add the curry leaves
and now the onions and green chillies
some salt to it so that the onions get
tenderized faster the onions have turn
translucent and to this I am going to
add spice mix cook it for about two to
three minutes now the spices are nicely
fried and to this I'm going to add
tomatoes and now I am going to cover and
cook it for about four to five minutes
now you can see that the tomatoes have
reduced down substantially and I am
going to add the tomato puree to this
now we are going to cook this till the
tomato is well incorporated and the oil
comes out from the masala
keep stirring in between now you can see
that the tomato paste is well
incorporated into the masala and you can
also see the other oil is separated also
now this is done and I'm going to cool
it and blend it in the mixer we blended
it into our thickish paste and back into
the pan now to this I am going to add
the potatoes and I'm going to cover them
and cook them for five minutes now to
the potatoes I'm going to add the
marinated chicken coat properly and now
we are going to cover it and cook till
the chicken is done
I'm going to add some water to this
chicken looks done
so one last toss and I'm going to plate
it garnish it with chopped coriander i
spicy chicken curry with potatoes is
ready I hope you enjoyed my recipe it's
very simple straightforward and easy to
make do try it and let me know how it
turned out in the comment section below
but before that don't forget to hit the
like button for more such recipes
subscribe to my channel Ready Steady eat
and this is the Loney signing off for
now
so keep indulging bye bye